README.md, before:

# About `pokeemerald-expansion`

![Gif that shows debugging functionality that is unique to pokeemerald-expansion such as rerolling Trainer ID, Cheat Start, PC from Debug Menu, Debug PC Fill, Pokémon Sprite Visualizer, Debug Warp to Map, and Battle Debug Menu](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf9dfbee-4c6b-4bca-8e0a-07f116ef891c) ![Gif that shows overworld functionality that is unique to pokeemerald-expansion such as indoor running, BW2 style map popups, overworld followers, DNA Splicers, Gen 1 style fishing, OW Item descriptions, Quick Run from Battle, Use Last Ball, Wild Double Battles, and Catch from EXP](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/383af243-0904-4d41-bced-721492fbc48e) ![Gif that shows off a number of modern Pokémon battle mechanics happening in the pokeemerald-expansion engine: 2 vs 1 battles, modern Pokémon, items, moves, abilities, fully customizable opponents and partners, Trainer Slides, and generational gimmicks](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/50c576bc-415e-4d66-a38f-ad712f3316be)

<!-- If you want to re-record or change these gifs, here are some notes that I used: https://files.catbox.moe/05001g.md -->

**`pokeemerald-expansion`** is a GBA ROM hack base that equips developers with a comprehensive toolkit for creating Pokémon ROM hacks. **`pokeemerald-expansion`** is built on top of [pret's `pokeemerald`](https://github.com/pret/pokeemerald) decompilation project. **It is not a playable Pokémon game on its own.** 

# [Features](FEATURES.md)

**`pokeemerald-expansion`** offers hundreds of features from various [core series Pokémon games](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Core_series), along with popular quality-of-life enhancements designed to streamline development and improve the player experience. A full list of those features can be found in [`FEATURES.md`](FEATURES.md).

# [Credits](CREDITS.md)

 [![](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/upcoming)](CREDITS.md)

If you use **`pokeemerald-expansion`**, please credit **RHH (Rom Hacking Hideout)**. Optionally, include the version number for clarity.

```
Based off RHH's pokeemerald-expansion 1.13.1 https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/
```

Please consider [crediting all contributors](CREDITS.md) involved in the project!

# Choosing `pokeemerald` or **`pokeemerald-expansion`**

- **`pokeemerald-expansion`** supports multiplayer functionality with other games built on **`pokeemerald-expansion`**. It is not compatible with official Pokémon games.
- If compatibility with official games is important, use [`pokeemerald`](https://github.com/pret/pokeemerald). Otherwise, we recommend using **`pokeemerald-expansion`**.
- **`pokeemerald-expansion`** incorporates regular updates from `pokeemerald`, including bug fixes and documentation improvements.

# [Getting Started](INSTALL.md)

❗❗ **Important**: Do not use GitHub's "Download Zip" option as it will not include commit history. This is necessary if you want to update or merge other feature branches. 

If you're new to git and GitHub, [Team Aqua's Asset Repo](https://github.com/Pawkkie/Team-Aquas-Asset-Repo/) has a [guide to forking and cloning the repository](https://github.com/Pawkkie/Team-Aquas-Asset-Repo/wiki/The-Basics-of-GitHub). Then you can follow one of the following guides:

## 📥 [Installing **`pokeemerald-expansion`**](INSTALL.md)
## 🏗️ [Building **`pokeemerald-expansion`**](INSTALL.md#Building-pokeemerald-expansion)
## 🚚 [Migrating from **`pokeemerald`**](INSTALL.md#Migrating-from-pokeemerald)
## 🚀 [Updating **`pokeemerald-expansion`**](INSTALL.md#Updating-pokeemerald-expansion)

# [Documentation](https://rh-hideout.github.io/pokeemerald-expansion/)

For detailed documentation, visit the [pokeemerald-expansion documentation page](https://rh-hideout.github.io/pokeemerald-expansion/).

# [Contributions](CONTRIBUTING.md)
If you are looking to [report a bug](CONTRIBUTING.md#Bug-Report), [open a pull request](CONTRIBUTING.md#Pull-Requests), or [request a feature](CONTRIBUTING.md#Feature-Request), our [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](CONTRIBUTING.md) has guides for each.

# [Community](https://discord.gg/6CzjAG6GZk)

[![](https://dcbadge.limes.pink/api/server/6CzjAG6GZk)](https://discord.gg/6CzjAG6GZk)

Our community uses the [ROM Hacking Hideout (RHH) Discord server](https://discord.gg/6CzjAG6GZk) to communicate and organize. Most of our discussions take place there, and we welcome anybody to join us!

Commit message:

Add .gitignore, README and CHANGES

README.md, after:

# Pokémon Trade&'Stache

<<<<<<< HEAD
![Gif that shows debugging functionality that is unique to pokeemerald-expansion such as rerolling Trainer ID, Cheat Start, PC from Debug Menu, Debug PC Fill, Pokémon Sprite Visualizer, Debug Warp to Map, and Battle Debug Menu](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf9dfbee-4c6b-4bca-8e0a-07f116ef891c) ![Gif that shows overworld functionality that is unique to pokeemerald-expansion such as indoor running, BW2 style map popups, overworld followers, DNA Splicers, Gen 1 style fishing, OW Item descriptions, Quick Run from Battle, Use Last Ball, Wild Double Battles, and Catch from EXP](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/383af243-0904-4d41-bced-721492fbc48e) ![Gif that shows off a number of modern Pokémon battle mechanics happening in the pokeemerald-expansion engine: 2 vs 1 battles, modern Pokémon, items, moves, abilities, fully customizable opponents and partners, Trainer Slides, and generational gimmicks](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/50c576bc-415e-4d66-a38f-ad712f3316be)
=======
Romhack of Pokémon Emerald with added difficulty, changed map and many QoL changes
>>>>>>> d4d32c371d (Add .gitignore, README and CHANGES)

Based on RHH's pokeemerald-expansion

See CHANGES.md for what was changed/implemented

<<<<<<< HEAD
# [Features](FEATURES.md)

**`pokeemerald-expansion`** offers hundreds of features from various [core series Pokémon games](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Core_series), along with popular quality-of-life enhancements designed to streamline development and improve the player experience. A full list of those features can be found in [`FEATURES.md`](FEATURES.md).

# [Credits](CREDITS.md)

 [![](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/upcoming)](CREDITS.md)

If you use **`pokeemerald-expansion`**, please credit **RHH (Rom Hacking Hideout)**. Optionally, include the version number for clarity.

```
Based off RHH's pokeemerald-expansion 1.13.1 https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/
```

Please consider [crediting all contributors](CREDITS.md) involved in the project!

# Choosing `pokeemerald` or **`pokeemerald-expansion`**

- **`pokeemerald-expansion`** supports multiplayer functionality with other games built on **`pokeemerald-expansion`**. It is not compatible with official Pokémon games.
- If compatibility with official games is important, use [`pokeemerald`](https://github.com/pret/pokeemerald). Otherwise, we recommend using **`pokeemerald-expansion`**.
- **`pokeemerald-expansion`** incorporates regular updates from `pokeemerald`, including bug fixes and documentation improvements.

# [Getting Started](INSTALL.md)

❗❗ **Important**: Do not use GitHub's "Download Zip" option as it will not include commit history. This is necessary if you want to update or merge other feature branches. 

If you're new to git and GitHub, [Team Aqua's Asset Repo](https://github.com/Pawkkie/Team-Aquas-Asset-Repo/) has a [guide to forking and cloning the repository](https://github.com/Pawkkie/Team-Aquas-Asset-Repo/wiki/The-Basics-of-GitHub). Then you can follow one of the following guides:

## 📥 [Installing **`pokeemerald-expansion`**](INSTALL.md)
## 🏗️ [Building **`pokeemerald-expansion`**](INSTALL.md#Building-pokeemerald-expansion)
## 🚚 [Migrating from **`pokeemerald`**](INSTALL.md#Migrating-from-pokeemerald)
## 🚀 [Updating **`pokeemerald-expansion`**](INSTALL.md#Updating-pokeemerald-expansion)

# [Documentation](https://rh-hideout.github.io/pokeemerald-expansion/)

For detailed documentation, visit the [pokeemerald-expansion documentation page](https://rh-hideout.github.io/pokeemerald-expansion/).

# [Contributions](CONTRIBUTING.md)
If you are looking to [report a bug](CONTRIBUTING.md#Bug-Report), [open a pull request](CONTRIBUTING.md#Pull-Requests), or [request a feature](CONTRIBUTING.md#Feature-Request), our [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](CONTRIBUTING.md) has guides for each.

# [Community](https://discord.gg/6CzjAG6GZk)

[![](https://dcbadge.limes.pink/api/server/6CzjAG6GZk)](https://discord.gg/6CzjAG6GZk)

Our community uses the [ROM Hacking Hideout (RHH) Discord server](https://discord.gg/6CzjAG6GZk) to communicate and organize. Most of our discussions take place there, and we welcome anybody to join us!
=======
If you are interested in playing the game, check out this pokecommunity post: https://www.pokecommunity.com/threads/pok%C3%A9mon-trade-stache.537721/ 
>>>>>>> d4d32c371d (Add .gitignore, README and CHANGES)
